# Submission for Lab 1 SDM, Spring 2024.

## Contents of the Repository
This repository contains the following directories:
- `data` : contains the `raw`, `processed` & `graph` data i.e. the data loaded in the graph database Neo4j.
- `model` : contains the original and the evolved graph model representation.
- `scripts` : contains all the scripts used in the project, including the exercise problem scripts.
- `submission_scripts` : contains the exercise problem scripts. They have been added here for convenience in verification.

## Code Execution

### Data Generation & Processing

The data present in `data/raw_data` was generated by executing the python files in `scripts/api_scripts`. It also consists synthetic and additional data sources necessary for the problem statement. This data is then processed using the scripts present in `scripts/processing_scripts`. 

These python files (for instance `author_processing.py` can be run in the `scripts/processing_scripts` directory as 

```
cd scripts/processing_scripts
python author_processing.py
```

The final processed data files are stored in `data/processed_data`. The useful files required for loading in the graph database are stored in `data/graph_data`.

### Data Loading & Execution

The data present in the `graph_data` folder can now be moved to Neo4js import directory. To load the data, we use the `scripts/loading_scripts` directory. You can execute the scripts in order i.e. PartA.2, PartA.3, PartB, PartC & PartD as per the problem statement. Make sure to add your configuration details in `scripts/loading_scripts/config.ini` before running the aforementioned scripts.

```
cd scripts/loading_scripts
python PartA.2_IslamGupta.py
python PartA.3_IslamGupta.py
python PartB_IslamGupta.py
python PartC_IslamGupta.py
python PartD_IslamGupta.py
```





